>> Jem Young: Now, let's buy a domain.
So, we have our server.
It's not really doing much right now, but
we're able to login as a non-root user.
So, let's buy a domain and
let's hook it all up together.
So, I like namecheap.com.
I'm not sponsored by namecheap.
I don't have any referral codes,
once again.
I really should get on this.
You are free to use any domain that you
currently own, if you already own a few.
Most people own.
Domains, it's what we do.
That's a funny domain, let's buy it.
I own a few, magic8ball.co,
you can go there on your phone sometime,
it's pretty fun.
So, I like Name Cheap just cuz I know
where everything is, that's what I use for
all my domains.
But, you are again free to
do whatever you want, and
if you own a domain use that
>> Jem Young: So, I'm gonna login to
namecheap,
>> Jem Young: And
it's gonna two factor me.
>> Jem Young: Yeah,
always turn on two factor on your domains.
People, domains are worth money, it's
real estate in the land of the Internet.
And domain hijacking is a very real thing
where people take over your domain and
then sell it to somebody else
before you even knew what happened.
>> Speaker 2: Always add two
factor auth to everything.
>> Speaker 2: Your Google accounts,
your GitHub.
It always surprised me when I log into
GitHub and I see a bunch of people are on
a project with me, and they don't have two
factor aut, it's like, what are you doing?
>> Jem Young: Exactly,
that's good life advice.
Two-factor everything,
it's a hassle, but just do it.
It's a bigger hassle to get hacked and
lose all your all your things.
So, I'm gonna go to the my domain list.
After you purchase your domain,
I'll give you time to run through
the steps if you don't have a domain yet.
And yeah, these are all domains I own.
Reallybored.com, I don't think
that's pointed at anything, so
I'm gonna use that domain.
>> Jem Young: And
I'm gonna go to the advanced
DNS tab
>> Jem Young: [LAUGH] Mark with
a referral again on it.
>> Speaker 3: Yeah but, the only thing
I don't think he gives you anything, so
I'm not sure it's really worth,
I thought maybe it'd be a free,
I don't think he'd get anything for using
it so it's probably not as big a deal.
>> Jem Young: That's-
>> Speaker 2: You only help Marco.
You don't help yourself out.
>> Jem Young: So, I'll slow down a minute,
cuz I'll give everybody
a chance to catch up.
I'll put the slides back,
but we're gonna jump back to this
particular screen in a second.
>> Speaker 4: I have a question
about the root again.
>> Jem Young: Yes.
>> Speaker 4: So, if I try to log in to
the root, just to test it, it asks for
a password, is that just
a fake password nothing there?
Is there an actual password for root now?
>> Jem Young: No password, it's a fake.
It's a good way of not giving
away too much on your sever.
You don't want people to
know that root's disabled so
they can keep banging
away at root all day and
it won't get you anywhere,
you can't log in as root anymore.
But great question.
>> Jem Young: So everybody,
let's take a minute or two.
If you have a domain already set up,
perfect.
What we're gonna do is we're gonna point
your domain to your server at this point.
So, you can use GoDaddy.
>> Speaker 2: Okay now we need
to know what domain you bought,
you have to paste it in the chat.
We want to see-
>> Jem Young: I already showed it,
I bought really-
>> Speaker 2: I thought everybody was
gonna buy their own domains.
>> Jem Young: Yeah yeah,
everybody buy your own domain, and-
>> Speaker 2: Yeah so buy your own domain,
and paste [LAUGH] your domain into chat.
Okay maybe when we get it running, right?
>> Jem Young: Let's, I like cuz I think
that .xyz domains are pretty cheap.
Let's see what they're going for
these days.
Registration-
>> Speaker 2: I just want to see what
names people came up with.
>> Jem Young: [INAUDIBLE]
see what's available.
>> Speaker 2: Maybe some
people are ashamed.
>> Jem Young: [LAUGH]
>> Jem Young: jemrulez.club?
Yeah so these are all 88 cents,
this is the entire year.
So, if you want a real domain,
you could buy a dotcom,
they tend to be a bit more expensive.
But if you just want a test domain,
I think this is about as cheap
as you can get Jebrules.press.
I think there's too many
top-level domains, honestly.
Do we really need .win as a?
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH] Yeah, .win.
>> Jem Young: Jenrules.party.
>> Group: [LAUGH]
>> Jem Young: I don't need it.
I could buy all these is all.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH] You
know you want jenrules.party.
>> Jem Young: I do.
>> Group: [LAUGH]
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH] I can see it in
your face.
>> Jem Young: I wonder if we can buy-
>> Speaker 2: We're only one dollar.
>> Jem Young: If jem.party is available,
I want to buy that.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Jem Young: The problem is there's
entire investors that just go with
bots that buy up good domains.
Someone bought all these already.
>> Speaker 6: $65,000 each.
>> Jem Young: Yeah,
it's a real business of just buying.
>> Speaker 2: Did someone buy jim.party?
>> Jem Young: Let me see.
>> Speaker 7: It hasn't shown up yet.
>> Jem Young: jem.download,
jem.win, jem.date.
Yeah, jem.party.
>> Group: [APPLAUSE] It's available,
88 cents.
>> Speaker 2: jem.party.
>> Jem Young: Okay, I'm doing this.
>> Speaker 3: Uh-oh, I gotta go get Mark.
>> Jem Young: $1.06 for
the year, that's not bad.
I'll use whois guard,
that's always useful.
Whois guard just, if you do a whois on
a domain it tells you who the owner is.
And whois guard just protects you and
your personal address.
Cuz, legally, you're supposed to
put your address in for a domain.
But, obviously, most people don't.
And whois guard is just a good way of
keeping spammers from emailing you.
So, I recommend who is guard,
it's free for the first year on namecheap.
And
>> Speaker 2: Does that mean that's gonna
auto renew at 26 bucks?
>> Jem Young: It's $2 a year.
>> Speaker 2: Is it $2 a year?
>> Jem Young: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: No, no I mean the domain
[INAUDIBLE]
>> Jem Young: This one yeah.
Let me turn off auto renew, good point.
It'll email you before it auto renews but
I don't think I'll need jem.party.
>> Speaker 2: It's amazing how
much money people throw down for
some of these domains.
>> Jem Young: Think about the first person
to buy, I don't know, Microsoft.com,
in the early, early days.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, yeah.
>> Jem Young: Or the good names.
>> Speaker 2: Well, I've seen even some
domains like top level domains going for
like 160 million.
>> Jem Young: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Just like whatever.com and
somebody's been sitting on it for
10 years and it's 160 million, sure.
>> Jem Young: Netflix bought fast.com.
I don't know how much we paid but
I'm sure it was a lot.
I mean cuz that's a great domain name.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah,
I use that all the time.
>> Jem Young: I use fast.com
as well just in case you,
>> Jem Young: Yeah
>> Jem Young: Nice.
>> Jem Young: Mark wasn't lying,
this is a good Internet connection.
Okay, so, so right now if I go
to jem.party, this is awesome.
>> Group: [LAUGH]
>> Jem Young: It's just
gonna be central link.
See this is ISPs injecting
their own things in there.
>> Speaker 6: Wasn't it jemrules.party,
or did you change it?
>> Jem Young: I think
it was just jem.party.
>> Speaker 2: No, he got jem.party.
>> Speaker 6: Okay.
All right, yeah.
>> Jem Young: Yeah it should be-
>> Speaker 6: We're good.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Jem Young: But I think this is
the ISP injecting their own-
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, so
what you do when you set up your laptop,
you set up your DMS to 0.20.
I forget, what's the service?
>> Speaker 3: Google?
>> Speaker 2: Google DNS?
>> Jem Young: Yeah, Google's 8.8.8.8.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah,
I just always remember that one.
>> Jem Young: But because I think,
just because I just bought this.
This domain doesn't resolve to anything.
Because remember,
we talked about it takes awhile,
all these servers around
the world have to sync up.
So right now, jem.party is syncing
up to parking.namecheap.com.
So, it could take a few minutes.
It could take longer,
that's why we're doing this stuff now.
>> Speaker 8: He said give
it 48 hours usually, but
it's usually up in like ten minutes.
>> Jem Young: Yeah, I've seen it
take anywhere from a few minutes up
to a day or two.
So right now, okay, so everybody here, you
don't necessarily have to use namecheap.
But, whatever hosting
provider you're using for
your domain,
you should have some sort of way to adjust
the DNS Is everybody sorta,
everybody in the room with me?
Domain